# Measuring-and-Improving-Cyber-Defence-Using-MITRE-ATTACK

In Cybersecurity, we’re traditionally been inward-looking focusing on identifying what we want to protect and then we construct defenses around them. As time goes on and others i.e., malicious actors breach those defenses, we adapt to those intrusions and we try to prevent those intrusions from being successful in the future. As we adapt to those intrusions the opposition parties will also adapt to those defenses. So, organizations introduced cyber threat intelligence to understand, predict, and adapt to future malicious events from malicious actors from any of those groups. Cyber threat intelligence is of many forms including information about the malware and adversary uses known protocols. With this information, we can set up our defenses against the opposition party’s malicious activity. At MITRE, collective information has been collected from the government as well as from organizations to create a better way to defend ourselves from malicious activity/intrusions. MITRE works on STIX & TAXII i.e., standards and practices for improved prevention and mitigation from malicious activity. MITRE also worked and developed an ATT&CK framework to set up defenses against malicious intrusions. Credential access exploit is one the most high-rated threats through which various malicious activities such as privilege escalation may result based on the processed target and captured credentials. So, we’re taking this area to enhance our defensive measures using the MITRE ATT&CK framework’s resources.
